# KorTho data confirmation base chain


## Introduction to KeTu Open Platform
KeTu Open platform is an infrastructure that is gradually open to the blockchain industry based on the technical resources, flow resources and ecological resources of KeTu Laboratory. The goal is to make decentralized applications more efficient and cheaper to build. Koto Open Platform will provide more diversified basic services and innovative services for global developers.

## Introduction to KorTho basic chain of Koto
 KeTu foundation chain is committed to creating an equality. Mutual trust. Universal benefits. Efficient decentralized data right confirmation bottom public chain. Keto chain consists of P2P network, ED25519 signature algorithm, SECP256K1 elliptic curve algorithm, SHA-3 encryption algorithm and BADGER persistent K-V storage database cryptography technology.

Ketu basic chain technology through PPOS (POW➕POS) consensus algorithm mechanism, can enable global users to easily participate in data confirmation bookkeeping, and obtain the benefits of data bookkeeping.

Specific smart contracts of Koto basic chain will interweave and interact with ethereum EVM smart contracts and smart contracts of various public chains to realize cross-chain technology and bring users a more efficient, friendly and smooth interactive experience. At the same time, technology developers around the world can develop various applications such as issuing KRC-20 tokens in KeTu base chain more friendly. NFT. DeFi. Games and meta-universes.

## Declaration
Help developers at every stage of their growth. 

## Vision
To build the global blockchain data hub center and realize the super cross-chain underlying system of interconnection.

## KorTho’s Performance
- TPS：5000+
- Average block interval: 10s

## Consensus Mechanism
PPOS (POW➕POS) consensus mechanism.sm.

## Economic Model 
- For 10S of data, one block is produced, and 1.6778 KTO is produced in one block, and 10%KTO is produced in one block every year.
- Data node pledge KTO reduces the calculation difficulty and increases the number of blocks produced. The pledge period of data nodes is 120 days, and the linear release period is 120 days.
- 30% of THE KTO stimulated by block generation of data nodes will be released on the same day, and the remaining 70% will be released linearly in 120 days.


## KorTho Technical Characteristics
- Open and decentralized networks to maintain network and asset security;
- Support proof protocol, optimize peer-to-peer transaction function.
- Support EVM programmability, smart contract compatibility, reduce development or migration costs;


## Koto base chain KorTho current stage
In October 2021, KorTho will officially launch the new consensus mechanism phase of "public beta" PPOS(PoW➕POS), which will focus on improving the on-chain infrastructure, including but not limited to: Prophets, voting tools, anchor coins, DEX, lending, wealth management, insurance, synthetic assets, cross-chain solutions, data analytics, smart contract innovation, and more.

## Koto Foundation Chain KorTho Support program
### Fund support plan
- KorTho will set up a special fund to invest, support and encourage quality developers
- KorTho will launch a variety of developer activities and competitions to identify and fund potential developers around the world
- In order to reduce the participation costs of large users on KorTho Dapp, KorTho on-chain transactions will minimize the transaction fees of KTO holders

### Flow support planning
Koto LABS will support the development of KorTho, the koto base chain
- Provide in-station traffic entry for premium DApps on KorTho

### Resource support planning
- Funded projects or developers can not only get official coverage, but also apply to official marketing service packages and promote their projects worldwide
- Quality projects can participate in KorTho global roadshow activities free of charge
- Ketu Lab will open technological ecological resources and match high-quality developers with ecological partners for win-win cooperation

## Risk alert
- All users and developers can participate in the test environment and subsequent stages of KorTho for free. There is no charging scenario
- You must distinguish between the test environment and the main network environment. The assets generated by the test environment do not have any value. Beware of counterfeit currency fraud
- KorTho basic chain will announce authorization, promotion and other cooperation through the official social platform. Developers and users should check carefully to avoid losses
- Check the official website (https://www.kortho.org/) to avoid phishing of the private key.


